DOCS-5481-SMTPS-Gmail-update-kt (#684)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/email/email-gmail.adoc

Required parameters:

> * Gmail IMAP Connection: `IMAPS Connetion`

Reviewer: Does the interface really contain the typo "connetion"?

Required parameters:

> * Gmail POP3 Connection: `POP3S Connetion`

Reviewer: ditto

Required parameters:

> * Gmail SMTP Connection: `SMTPS Connetion`

Reviewer: ditto

    </email:smtps-connection>
</email:smtp-config>
----

> Additionally, if you experience SMTPS connection issues, check the following recommendations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you experience SMTPS connection issues, troubleshoot as follows:
```

If you have two-factor authentication set up:

> . There is no need for you to turn `Less Secure Apps` on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Disable`Less Secure Apps` if enabled.
```

> . Generate an app specific password and use that one instead of your normal password. See https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833[Sign in using App Password] for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Generate an app-specific password and use that instead of your normal password. 
See https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833[Sign in Using App Password] for details.
```

If you do not have two-factor authentication set up:

> 

Reviewer: Are the following items chronological steps or actions that can be performed in any order?

> . Turn `Less Secure Apps` on for your account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable`Less Secure Apps`.
```

> . Use your normal password. If that does not work, go to https://accounts.google.com/DisplayUnlockCaptcha[Allow access to your Google account] site and:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If using your normal password does not work, go to https://accounts.google.com/DisplayUnlockCaptcha[Allow Access to Your Google Account] site and:
```

> .. Enter your username and password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Enter your username and password.
```

> .. Enter the letters on the screen

Reviewer: Will the audience know what "the letters on the screen" refers to? What are these letters...aren't there a lot of letters on the screen?
```suggestion
.. Enter the letters on the screen.
```
